# Welcome to the Scalander repository!
## What is Scalander?
Scalander is an executive scheduling solution. It's hard to get people together for a meeting, so we do the heavy-lifting for you! Specifically, we take in a bunch of parameters, such as when you and all of your invitees are free, when you want the meeting to be, and how important each invitee is in order to give you the best times for your meeting. When you schedule a meeting, we'll email all of your invitees and see what times they are and aren't free to be at your meeting. Then, using those responses, we'll send you a list of our best picks for your meeting time, and you can choose one to send back to all of your invitees as the final meeting time. All you have to do is tell us when you're free, and we'll schedule the meeting for you!

## How do I work on it?
We use Docker to make our setup as easy and reproducable as possible. To learn how to set that up, see our [wiki page](https://github.com/scalander/scalander/wiki/Getting-Started) on that. Also on the wiki, which you can navigate using the sidebar, is a bunch of useful stuff, including our data models, conventions, and internal API. Before you begin working on this repo, make sure you check out our branch semantics. You shouldn't be making commits directly to main in most cases. If you want examples of anything, somebody has probably already done it, and you can look around our code. Otherwise, you can reach out to someone on our team. If you want to see the tasks that we have already completed or still need completed, you can check out [our issues tab](https://github.com/scalander/scalander/issues), or if you want it in an objectively worse format, look [here](/READMEME.png)

## Secrets
We currently don't have a secrets system, and you will need our OAuth client credentials to get freebusy information from Google, so reach out to someone on the team for that.